migrate writing programs ref from cookbook (#294)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/cookbook/programs/create-pda.md

---
title: How to create a Program Derived Address
sidebarSortOrder: 5
description:
  "Learn how to create a Program Derived Address (PDA) in a Solana program."
---

> A Program Derived Address is simply an account owned by the program, but has no
> private key. Instead it's signature is obtained by a set of seeds and a bump (a
> nonce which makes sure it's off curve). "**Generating**" a Program Address is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Program Derived Address is simply an account owned by the program, but has no
private key. Instead it's signature is obtained by a set of seeds and a bump (a
nonce which makes sure it's 'off curve', i.e.  not a valid public key). "**Generating**" a Program Address is
```

Reviewer: Added explanation for what off-curve means.
